---
category: draft
title: outra.s
vimeo: https://vimeo.com/548071351
www: https://outras.ml
---
{% include vimeo.html id="548071351" %}

outra.s, is a project developed in social isolation. It's an [eCommerce](https://outras.ml){:target="_blank"} platform for the sale of sculptures that promote a hybrid wellbeing considering all beings in our networks, not just human ones.

Given the complexities of our hybrid and hyper-connected world, it is necessary to rethink how we want to connect, create and live within networks. In a world where a virus is not just a biological issue, it is impossible to try to understand our situation without recognizing the networks and signals that cross and connect us. We are part of invisible systems whose signals permeate and reverberate within us, but our lack of sensitivity to them makes us even more passive within these networks.

It is important to know how to experience a world where the ontological divisions between humans/non-humans, natural/cultural, bodies/machines, subjects/objects no longer make much sense. We need to learn to guide ourselves "by the pleasure in the confusion of boundaries and the responsibility in creating these temporary, provisional, problematic connections" (Haraway).

{% include swipebox.html prefix="outras-site_" %}

The prices of the objects on the website are determined dynamically and in collaboration with the objects themselves. They are influenced not only by the availability of the internet, where weak signal strength causes prices to fall, but are also indexed my body temperature and heart rate in a type of hedging where a virus infection could bring potential material profit.

{% include swipebox.html prefix="outras-price_" %}
